fix: the `--devtool` CLI flag not work as expected (#10880)
web-infra-dev/rspack: website/docs/en/config/devtool.mdx

type Devtool = 'string' | false;
```

> - **Default:** production mode is `source-map`, development mode is `cheap-module-source-map`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Default:** `cheap-module-source-map` in development mode and `source-map` in production mode
```
